This has honestly been one of my favorite projects ever. Why? Well, because I got to make it about something I care so much about! I probably said this about the last project too, but I love having the ability of choosing our own topic. This made me want to work on this project whenever I had free time and make sure it was perfect.

Now to restate why I chose Photoshop over GIMP (in preview.md as well):
I used Photoshop over GIMP because I am fortunate enough to have access to it, am more familiar with it, and I think the interface is a lot nicer than GIMP's. I guess one way to put GIMP's is that everything is too small and kinda hard to see. For example, the tools are all cramped up in the top-left corner whereas in Photoshop I have them spaced it and the icons are larger.

While working on this project, I kept a tab open with the baseline criteria and aspirational inspirations. I made sure that all the baseline criteria was met no matter what. As for the aspirational inspirations, I unintentionally completed some of them i.e. using 3 distinct overlapping layers. I say unintentionally because I made my own aspirations while working on this project. For example, when I first made my "3D" letters, I knew I had to use the pen tool to make them look more 3D. Originally, I wrote the same words twice and made the "behind" layer a slightly larger font and shifted it a little to the side to give a somewhat 3D effect, but I knew it wasn't enough to give a FULL 3D effect. So, that's why I used the pen tool to draw shapes underneath and above the letters. I also gave them an inner shadow to get closer to my goal of getting that FULL 3D effect. Funnily enough, this also met the aspirational inspiration of "Be bright and bold to make your work pop and draw the eye."

Off the bat, I knew I wanted to place the players inside the letters but I originally had no idea how. So, I went on YouTube and learned how. I did that for a lot of this project, and honestly, I think it paid off.

Also, because I was unable to find the licensing for a bunch of the images I used in this project, I want to make it clear to my audience that I could not have done this without my sources. With that being said, I included a QR code in my image that links to my assets.md file which includes links to the original photos and gives credit to the authors. I want to give a big thank you to those authors/photographers. They probably won't ever see or read this, but I want to them that they took some incredible photos and I greatly appreciate them.

I would also like to extend my thanks to Ben Miller (Who I know will read this)! Thank you for allowing me to do such an open-ended project, and choose my photo-editing software. Usually when I'm assigned something I have to follow strict guidelines, and this was a first. I appreciate it so much! This was both fun and a learning experience. I spent hours on end working on this project, not because I have to submit it for a grade, but because I enjoyed working on it. I took some risks such as drawing those shapes for the 3D effect with hopes that they make the image better and personally I think they do, but in the end, I'm not the only judge of that. However, I will say I'm glad I did it. Not only that, but this entire project. Working on this was an experience of a lifetime.
