In this preview, you can see a very rough outline of what is to come. Before starting, what I had in mind was having the Estadio Cuscatlan in the background of the image, which I have here, a world cup trophy (also have), and giant letters saying something along the lines of "(Trust the) The Process" in either English or in Spanish. As of right now, I'm going with the Spanish because I think it's more relevant, but this is still subject to change. I also added in the Salvadoran flag to make it really clear that this argument involves El Salvador.

 Now I'm going to sum up what I've done so far and what can be seen in this preview. First, I found a creative commons image of the Estadio Cuscatlan, and I made the black-and-white so that it isn't necessarily the MAIN focus of the image but still has a role. I also added in the Salvadoran flag (also from a creative commons source) and made that black-and-white for the same reasoning. I also made it slightly less transparent because I might play around and better incorporate it into the background (I'm still toying around with some ideas). Next up is arguably the center of attention: the World Cup Trophy. Getting it to look the way it looks now took A LOT of time. I found a nice image of the trophy (from a creative commons source), with very nice lighting, but one issue was that there was a background in the image, and getting rid of that background was a real pain. It took a lot of time mainly because parts of the background were the same color as parts of the trophy so often when removing those parts, it would take away parts of the trophy. Luckily with some help of doing research online, I was able to solve that issue, and isolate the trophy. After that, I added an outer glow to the trophy to make it the "spotlight" of the image. The final part of my image so far is my self-generated text saying "El Proceso." My reasoning for this can be seen in the project proposal file. I typed it twice; Once in blue and once in white to represent the colors of the Salvadoran flag. I also made the white text a little smaller and somewhat "inside" the blue text to create a 3D feel.

 **ALSO TO ADDRESS WHY I AM USING PHOTOSHOP OVER GIMP:
 I'm using Photoshop over GIMP because I am fortunate enough to have access to it, am more familiar with it, and I think the interface is a lot nicer than GIMP's. I guess one way to put GIMP's is that everything is too small and kinda hard to see. For example, the tools are all cramped up in the top-left corner whereas in Photoshop I have them spaced it and the icons are larger.
